Rumors are pretty much predictable, but that time it didn't seem like one. It was a Thursday night. I had a long walk in the evening enjoying the melodic line, smoking the puffs of air. I 
had never experienced the sky so insecure, as if it had been waiting since years to run through the human civilization and feed the blithe spirits. The red, brown and purple patches gave a clear picture of the Death-eaters opening a path for Lord Voldemort to start his empire in the Real world. Pragmatically, it wasn’t a nightmare....

When the next morning came, a holler woke me up. It was a guy living next door crying out to listen to the radio. The whole town’s electricity was cut due to low pressure in the Bay of 
Bengal. I was living in a small town about 4.5 kilometers above the sea level. It was a colony whose inhabitants were the most high profile, sophisticated people of the town, kinda secured.I decided to walk down the window and found the nature with hell lot of detonators. It was raining too heavily even the dogs' won't find the pussies. I turned the radio on which captured some wireless signals saying the cyclone hit with 155km/hr wind. I was scared and asked God to save me, but after few hours I realized His conception. As time passed the cyclone turned into agiant bogeyman overwhelming over the God's wonderful creation and making a devastating portrait of human folly. Then all of a sudden his appetence vanished and gave the living beings a 
glimpse of his brutal activity. And to count on his illusion, the humans chose the path he wanted them to take in. And the horrendous barbarian reverted with a sword to wipe out the rest.
I got my house all streamy and I could feel the demon even in closed eyes. I tried to get some sleep, but my concern for a friend woke me up. The proud monster was home. I endured and as soon as everything got cleared, I reached at Arun's place. He was a scientist researching on the sea turtles in d coastal area. He had a night visit on Thursday despite the distressed sea.
And he never came back. Astrology confirms his living, but he's still missing. It's been more than 7 years…We are tired of contacting all different investigating agencies, heard nothing
from nobody....His parents are living in an "Ashram" with presumptions of his existence. And I....

In the sky I heard a bird crying:

" M d proof wasn't swooped
Follow my tears in the course of meadows
The wind of night might be gone, God's injustice is not done
Heal wounds of surmise
Do not entice
I ain't no apprentice...."


(Writer: One of the GTAs of CS 253. He is a voice, not a face.) 

